#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
astropy==5.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via zetastitcher
clarabel==0.9.0
    # via cvxpy
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via zetastitcher
contourpy==1.1.1
    # via matplotlib
cvxpy==1.5.2
    # via zetastitcher
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
ecos==2.0.14
    # via cvxpy
fonttools==4.55.0
    # via matplotlib
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
humanize==4.10.0
    # via zetastitcher
imageio==2.35.1
    # via
    #   pims
    #   scikit-image
    #   zetastitcher
importlib-metadata==8.5.0
    # via numba
importlib-resources==6.4.5
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   nibabel
joblib==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via matplotlib
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via scikit-image
llvmlite==0.41.1
    # via numba
matplotlib==3.7.5
    # via -r requirements.in
networkx==3.1
    # via
    #   scikit-image
    #   zetastitcher
nibabel==5.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
numba==0.58.1
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.24.4
    # via
    #   astropy
    #   clarabel
    #   contourpy
    #   cvxpy
    #   ecos
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   nibabel
    #   numba
    #   opencv-python
    #   osqp
    #   pandas
    #   pims
    #   pyerfa
    #   pywavelets
    #   qdldl
    #   qpsolvers
    #   scikit-image
    #   scipy
    #   scs
    #   tifffile
    #   zetastitcher
opencv-python==4.10.0.84
    # via zetastitcher
osqp==0.6.7.post3
    # via cvxpy
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   astropy
    #   lazy-loader
    #   matplotlib
    #   nibabel
    #   pims
    #   scikit-image
pandas==2.0.3
    # via zetastitcher
pillow==10.4.0
    # via
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   scikit-image
pims==0.7
    # via zetastitcher
psutil==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   zetastitcher
pyerfa==2.0.0.3
    # via astropy
pyparsing==3.1.4
    # via matplotlib
pyreadline3==3.5.4
    # via humanfriendly
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pywavelets==1.4.1
    # via scikit-image
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   astropy
    #   zetastitcher
qdldl==0.1.7.post4
    # via osqp
qpsolvers==4.4.0
    # via zetastitcher
scikit-image==0.21.0
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.10.1
    # via
    #   clarabel
    #   cvxpy
    #   ecos
    #   osqp
    #   qdldl
    #   qpsolvers
    #   scikit-image
    #   scs
    #   zetastitcher
scs==3.2.7
    # via cvxpy
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
slicerator==1.1.0
    # via pims
tifffile==2023.7.10
    # via
    #   pims
    #   scikit-image
    #   zetastitcher
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
zetastitcher==0.7.0.post1
    # via -r requirements.in
zipp==3.20.2
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
